About the job:

Cocobytes is looking to add a Senior Product Manager to our growing Product team in Melbourne! Global growth requires strategic product leaders who don’t settle for status-quo, be fast and unrelenting tenacity to execute, an entrepreneurial in creating new innovative products with customer focus.


In this role, you will own the global product, set the vision, define the strategy to achieve the vision and drive roadmap activities to deliver. You work closely with other product managers, R&D, Sales, customer success and integration teams to deliver outcomes that are meaningful for our customers. With your passion, talent and business expertise, you can help us create a product suite that brings innovation and differentiation to the market and continues to deliver workforce solutions to our customers.


If you are passionate about being a leader for a global software company and love working in a fast-paced global role solving complex problems, this is the role for you! As a results-oriented senior product manager, we would love to have you on our global product team to oversee and direct our suite of products.


What you'll be doing:

Set the vision, growth strategy, develop roadmap for the product line to deliver tangible results and drive growth
Responsible for bringing new solutions to the market by partnering with our Innovation center, synthesizing customer’s ideas from our idea portal, understanding market trends and customer wants and needs.
Engage with product development to drive roadmaps, deliver customer commitments and product releases with prioritization and balance vision with functionality, costs, and solution interdependencies
Be a product evangelist and communicate regularly on roadmaps, product releases and any risks with mitigation plan.
Be analytical in understanding and reporting the product financials, SaaS metrics and driving actions based on metrics.
Support executive briefings and provide direct client-facing sales support for high-impact, qualified opportunities
Managing both direct and indirect teams to influence, develop and deliver results is part of this role. This role will have product owners as direct reports.
Be a product expert and participate in customer- facing situations, trade shows and user conferences.
Develop go-to-market plans including opportunity analysis, pipeline analysis, market segmentation, post launch success metrics, outbound marketing requirements and sales enablement by working closely with product marketing, sales and other teams as needed.
Operate in an Agile environment based on Design Thinking, which focuses on progress vs. perfection, and iteration vs analysis paralysis with heavy understanding of user stories, storyboards, Agile and Sprinting process.
Gather user research and performance data and translate them into clear and concise technical product requirements.
Exhibit classic product management skills around identifying market requirements, competitive analysis, driving differentiation, understanding use cases, defining value proposition, pricing, product life cycle management, exercising good judgement under pressure, setting prioritizations, etc., is key to success in this role.

What we're looking for:

Previous experience managing highly skilled teams including strong leadership and interpersonal skills
Hands-on experience in strategic planning and business case development
Passion for data and work experience in the data science/tech domain
SaaS or CCaaS industry experience
Pendo – product analytics experience, preferred

Requirements:

5-7+ years of SaaS product management experience, preferably data and analytics products
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or similar field required, MBA highly preferred
Pragmatic Marketing Framework experience preferred
Strong analytical and quantitative skills; data and fact-based decision
Be able to travel globally and nationally, 25% travel estimation